Oct 31, 2025

## Chat UI feedback session 2

Invited [Bill Murdock](mailto:bmurdock@redhat.com) [Charles Thao](mailto:cthao@redhat.com) [Ryan Cook](mailto:rcook@redhat.com) [Jeremy Eder](mailto:jeder@redhat.com) [Sally O'Malley](mailto:somalley@redhat.com) [Gage Krumbach](mailto:gkrumbac@redhat.com) [Yahav Manor](mailto:ymanor@redhat.com) [Dana Gutride](mailto:dgutride@redhat.com) [Andy Braren](mailto:abraren@redhat.com) [Daniel Warner](mailto:dawarner@redhat.com) ~~[Bob Gregor](mailto:bgregor@redhat.com)~~ ~~[Michael Clifford](mailto:mcliffor@redhat.com)~~

Attachments [Chat UI feedback session 2](https://www.google.com/calendar/event?eid=MzQyODZ1YThibWNyN2Y3cHFwOTJlbDkxNHEgZGF3YXJuZXJAcmVkaGF0LmNvbQ) 

Meeting records [Transcript](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr) [Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/17OpqYKnDChJ3jIts70L6oC967pztWES_/view?usp=drive_web) 

### Summary

Daniel Warner and Andy Braren discussed utilizing AI for prototype updates, leveraging Claude code to process feedback and generate changes, which Andy Braren aims to make easily accessible. Sally O'Malley reported external interest from IBM's Ana Sailor, which led to a discussion with Dana Gutride about the project's open-source nature and the need to manage its initial user experience while sharing the prototype, which Dana Gutride encouraged as a means to align on changing how people work in Red Hat. The participants, including Daniel Warner, Dana Gutride, and Bill Murdock, clarified IBM's Watsonx orchestration, and Daniel Warner presented multiple UI updates for the project and session views, including removing extraneous tabs and clarifying naming conventions, while Bill Murdock and Sally O'Malley raised concerns about confusing terminology like "headless session." The participants also discussed the necessity of a hosted platform for multi-agent swarm functionality and integrations with business systems, with Gage Krumbach and Daniel Warner noting the importance of a server for swarming and complex business integrations, and Gage Krumbach further detailing the technical hurdles in implementing the changes, particularly regarding Git integration and the shifting structure of the workflow and session pages.

### Details

* **Utilizing AI for Updates** Daniel Warner shared an experiment involving using Claude code to process feedback and meeting notes into a change set and plan for prototype updates. Andy Braren noted they are working to make this type of pipeline, which takes recordings and feedback to rapidly generate updates, easy for everyone. Gage Krumbach mentioned using the Slack MCP to identify stakeholders by reviewing the history ([00:01:01](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.fmembd9qmred)).

* **External Interest in the Prototype** Sally O'Malley reported that Ana Sailor, a distinguished engineer at IBM, was impressed with the work and asked to record a demonstration to share with their team for potential use. Sally O'Malley made clear that the project is early, open source, and has not yet been tested for code quality ([00:02:06](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.56l1uydmiauq)). Dana Gutride commented that they would not stand in the way of excitement about the project becoming a movement, but emphasized the need to control the process and ensure a positive initial user experience ([00:04:58](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.wpeg9w2j58g8)).

* **IBM's Watsonx Orchestration** The discussion addressed IBM's agentic orchestration solutions, with Dana Gutride mentioning uncertainty about the Orchestrate solution being integrated with Watsonx. Daniel Warner confirmed that the Orchestrate project would be separate from other integrated pieces like document ingestion in the Watsonx platform, according to Danielle and Peter ([00:03:04](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.w85rjpjedcfs)). Bill Murdock clarified that Watsonx is the name for all Watsonx products and that only Watsonx.ai is expected to be coming over ([00:04:06](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.wyu90do789om)).

* **Prototype Sharing and Goals** Daniel Warner sought confirmation on whether they could post a video of the prototype's functionality, which runs on the ambient code platform, to a large group like in UX. Dana Gutride encouraged sharing, stating that their goal is not to sell something but to change the way people work in Red Hat, and that excitement about the work will help align on what that looks like. Sally O'Malley noted that Ana Sailor was particularly impressed by the Git integration aspects ([00:05:45](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.rvooapyx2krd)).

* **Git Integration and Collaboration** Dana Gutride emphasized that using Git as the source of truth is crucial for keeping developers connected. Bill Murdock raised a concern about the friction introduced by pushing and pulling to Git for frequent iterations using Claude code ([00:06:53](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.6pbssnt45dzw)). Dana Gutride agreed about the friction but suggested it is the same friction Git allows for team collaboration, noting that the project should allow for flexibility, from single use to team collaboration without being overly prescriptive ([00:07:50](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.3bvgrh9xilb9)).

* **Project Page UI Updates** Daniel Warner presented design updates for the project page, including minor visual changes and moving action items closer to the table they modify ([00:09:19](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.pr0t1nxpnhc)). The most significant change was bringing the running status of projects up to the project page to function as a dashboard and direct attention. Daniel Warner also added default values for project name and display name to ease early user onboarding ([00:10:24](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.sy5dian98oxv)).

* **User Flow and Context Orientation** To maintain user context and orientation, Daniel Warner explained that after creating a new project, the user would remain on the projects page, and the new project would be added to the table, instead of immediately taking them to the project page. Bill Murdock questioned the need for both display name and project name, which Gage Krumbach clarified is a Kubernetes concept necessary for having an ID separate from the potentially non-unique display name ([00:11:22](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.mds4yc87jtpz)).

* **Project and Session View Changes** In the project page, sessions were made front and center to drive users to them ([00:12:17](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.lhpr0v6t829j)). Daniel Warner planned to remove the project information tab and incorporate the details into the project header to better orient the user within the project. Additionally, Daniel Warner intended to remove the workflows tab to clean up the UI, as it created an extraneous second flow for getting into a session ([00:13:25](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.aw4zrmoipge1)).

* **API Keys and Workflows Management** The API keys section, which had caused early user confusion, was suggested to be put aside until a need for a third-party integration like Jira arises. Andy Braren clarified that while the initiation of a session from a workflows area may not be needed, there is still a need for a place to manage and add workflows available for a project, perhaps within project settings ([00:14:16](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.ic6ltcudlsca)).

* **Session Creation and Headless Sessions** Daniel Warner moved the choice between creating an interactive or a headless session into a selection menu instead of the form ([00:16:06](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.b061fum683gv)). To ease onboarding, they collapsed fine-grain model control options into an advanced tab, as these options were adding noise to the view for early users ([00:17:01](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.rewh79fmk1c)). Bill Murdock and Sally O'Malley raised concerns about the term "headless session" being confusing for new users ([00:17:52](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.xlnyr5gel9c9)). Gage Krumbach suggested that everything will likely become interactive, with headless capabilities contained within a workflow, making the separate headless session concept unnecessary for initiation ([00:18:45](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.tgehxhyg8pxi)).

* **Interactive Session Interface** The interactive session includes a familiar chat interface and a form-based workflow sidebar that both remain synced. Daniel Warner noted that in the existing UI, a spec repository is required before most actions, so this is open by default ([00:19:36](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.7x85vxi9imqu)). Daniel Warner explained that without a selected workflow, users only have generic session capabilities like chatting with Claude and using the help command ([00:20:43](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.gzcen8rydbgm)).

* **Spec Repository Setup** The current design requires the user to enter their GitHub name and a personal access token to connect and select their spec repository if they haven't been set up by an admin. Sally O'Malley suggested adding a popup description to educate users on what a spec repo is. Bill Murdock proposed handling the repo request through the chat, allowing the bot to intelligently guide the user ([00:21:43](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.qbl3qx8n6y5s)).

* **Agent Selection and Behavior** The chat interface shows the progress log and can guide the user through the setup process ([00:22:38](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.9yzx9eo0rfh8)). After seeding the repository, users can select agents. Daniel Warner noted that if no agents are selected, Claude automatically picks agents based on the user's request, a feature Gage Krumbach confirmed ([00:23:38](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.nj1hqfws8vf3)). Dana Gutride suggested hardcoding this auto-selection behavior and including an info button to educate users that it is happening ([00:24:42](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.gcu5unaud168)).

* **RF and Spec Kit Workflow Naming** Bill Murdock questioned the initial step of the "create RF workflow," which first creates an RF.md and then a spec.md ([00:25:53](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.quug5sev6xg5)). Sally O'Malley suggested renaming RF.md to Idea.md ([00:26:46](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.a8ebdew4o2pz)). Dana Gutride noted that RF (Request for Feature) is an organizational standard for Product Managers (PMs), while specification (Spec) is needed for engineering ([00:27:42](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.kg0xq3ra3ye1)). The consensus was that PMs should focus on iterating on the idea/RF, and that there is a need to distinguish the RF workflow from the specification process for developers ([00:29:38](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.rb1f2bqrltsy)).

* **Workflow Customization and User Types** Gage Krumbach emphasized that there are two types of users: power users who run specific commands, and "workflow runners," such as PMs, who should be taken through a guided journey by the platform ([00:33:45](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.1f96jkltiqdu)). The broader consensus shifted towards the need for a generic platform where users can define and run whatever workflows they desire, with the current create RF workflow serving as an illustrative example ([00:37:06](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.hucdv8eoywsg)) ([00:39:05](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.c4r1zvi0t45x)).

* **Artifact Interaction and Iteration** Daniel Warner confirmed that when a file artifact is created in the current design, it opens in a new window, which could be the GitHub editor, for manual editing. Bill Murdock expressed a preference for interactive iteration on the artifact within the session, rather than manual editing ([00:41:09](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.3nzhtajabw6q)) ([00:42:57](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.7tejs9nhzkgb)). Sally O'Malley clarified that iterating on the artifact is possible through the chat interface while the session is alive ([00:43:43](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.ukbjutwrcfxv)).

* **Local vs. Hosted Platform** Bill Murdock expressed a desire for a local, blank slate redesign ([00:45:36](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.f3idc0zd7flm)). Gage Krumbach argued that a hosted agent or workflow service is necessary, especially because PMs do not use tools like Cursor, and for the swarm use case which involves collaboration and context switching across multiple projects ([00:46:28](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.hjml4z5xd57v)) ([00:50:13](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.lmbtrlmi1yjl)). Andy Braren agreed that local use cases, potentially to handle personal context or privacy, have a place, and that lighter local setups, possibly using Kind clusters instead of CRC, are being pursued ([00:47:28](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.sneigyjr3dat)).

* **Multi-Agent Swarm and Business Integrations** Gage Krumbach highlighted that the swarming aspect, where multiple agents and users collaborate on a flow, is a main end goal, which is why a server is required ([00:49:15](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.xooxulpi5wge)). Daniel Warner emphasized that the multi-agent setup and necessary integrations with business systems like Jira contribute to the necessity of a hosted solution that lives on a cluster ([00:54:04](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.cqui21mxifc9)).

* **Future of Workspaces and Platform Development** Andy Braren suggested that collaboration on artifacts and easier context switching via an agentic inbox or tabs are future augmentations ([00:52:21](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.zhyhrazem56h)). The need for another level of organizational hierarchy, like a "workspace" or " team," was also suggested for PMs to collectively manage their workflows ([00:52:59](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.4lcg4vl6rof3)). Andy Braren and Sally O'Malley agreed to aim to implement the current design in the next week, suggesting an accelerated path forward for the prototype's real components ([00:57:28](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.7her7idmbsuv)).

* **Upcoming Project Structure and Travel Plans** Sally O'Malley confirmed that the team will be present on Monday, though Gage Krumbach mentioned they would be traveling for half of the day and working on the plane. Daniel Warner shared their impression from a conversation with Bob that the team would be split into different projects, with a core group including Daniel Warner, Andy Braren, and Bob likely working on a specific project ([00:57:28](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.7her7idmbsuv)). Gage Krumbach identified multiple workstreams, including one focused on the UX flow and another, "bring your own plugin," that Michael and Daniel Warner are involved in ([00:58:22](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.pt6bg3neq2ot)).

* **Technical Changes and Frontend Work** When Sally O'Malley asked if the changes to achieve Daniel Warner's demo were mostly front-end, Gage Krumbach explained that there is a fundamental technical challenge because the "workflow page" has been removed and merged into "session pages," requiring bridging the technical gap between the GitHub remote representation and the workspace representation. Gage Krumbach noted that while they hope to avoid visual changes, resolving the underlying technical complexity is the biggest task, alongside quick fixes and more fundamental changes ([00:59:31](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.1c0ri5rr58iq)). Daniel Warner asked the team if they preferred a fork or push access to share the branch with the static prototype demo, and Sally O'Malley and Gage Krumbach indicated that a fork branch should be fine, but Sally O'Malley also suggested pushing to the main branch ([01:00:36](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.ruumis91jypr)).

* **AI-Assisted Code Implementation** The team discussed using an AI model to implement the static HTML prototype into the existing codebase. Andy Braren suggested trying this approach next week if the APIs are available, which Gage Krumbach thought would be successful ([01:01:34](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.kcn9qtdokczq)). Sally O'Malley questioned if Opus is the best model for this, to which Gage Krumbach suggested that any max model would do fine and that better prompting is more critical than a bigger model. Daniel Warner was highly optimistic about this approach if the work was broken up, especially since the front-end framework (shad CN or similar) seems straightforward and compatible with Claude ([01:02:19](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.ibij613pn9h)).

* **Fundamental Technical Hurdles for Implementation** Gage Krumbach expressed the need to whiteboard complex inner workings because of two key challenges: the pod spin-up time and the Git integration. They noted that the current demo leans towards a constantly running cloud code session, which fundamentally changes things, and the necessary Git integration is not currently present and requires careful work to avoid losing features. The speakers concluded the main portion of the meeting, with Gage Krumbach, Daniel Warner, and Bill Murdock exchanging thanks ([01:03:17](?tab=t.1kef0mivmirr#heading=h.dbpzl365c3zr)).

### Suggested next steps

- [ ] Daniel Warner will send the video later today or write it up in Slack about the cool experiment taking feedback and meeting notes to have Claude code munch it into a change set and a plan.  
- [ ] Daniel Warner will work on a second prototype, using existing work, based on the discussion, and aim to have it ready for next week's meeting.  
- [ ] Daniel Warner will run the plan to update the prototype and record the progress.  
- [ ] Gage Krumbach will share the document related to the workstreams.  
- [ ] Daniel Warner will make his branch with the prototype available by pushing a branch to the main project.  
- [ ] Andy Braren, Gage Krumbach, Sally O'Malley, and Daniel Warner will try next week to use Claude to compare the code bases and figure out the implementation using the available APIs.

*You should review Gemini's notes to make sure they're accurate. [Get tips and learn how Gemini takes notes](https://support.google.com/meet/answer/14754931)*

*Please provide feedback about using Gemini to take notes in a [short survey.](https://google.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_9vK3UZEaIQKKE7A?confid=G25WoVgp4zGUAB4vwFWNDxITOAIIigIgABgBCA&detailid=unspecified)*